Add notes from N8CIR RSE Leaders Meeting 2025 (#15)
RSE-leaders/evidence-bank: challenges/employment_contracts.md

> # Employment Contracts

Reviewer: This section doesn't really explain what the challenge is.

Author: Something along the lines of differing RSE employment contracts across institutions can make it difficult to align career path requirement and RSE expectations.

> RSE come under two types of employment contract:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RSEs in academia typically come under one of two types of employment contract:
```
